Thanks move the pivot foot 13 turnovers
in ball game
Olajuwon
fighting this position to be called
Palestine machacek
and Robert Horry will end up Mossad
right here in the first half Robert
Horry would have shot that was Scottie
Pippen backed off him but here he's
patient gets the ball in Elijah one gets
hit the first chance to create something
why do want
20 from the field and they cut the lead
to four
11 a moment ago
pippin blocked by orange
touch pass tonight
I think that's got to be a found he
almost tore his arm off now it's ball
Jimmy Clark finally calls it on Ron
Harper this is what Robert only does
really real well though blocking that
shot by Pippen creating the fast break
by here your steps out he's so long and
lanky and good jumping ability he just
contest that shot Scott he thought he
was open for a second but it led to an
easy fast break
ladies 3
Chicago's got to make an adjustment on
the defense in the post they've been
very successful tonight TT manraja want
taking the box every time they don't
double team in these scores or splits
the double-team when they go down slow
9 zip
Jordan drexler pick and roll
michael dixon
side the tippet
over the backboard
time has been called Rockets have the
fans on their feet at the summit
for the fadeaway jumpers over whoever's
guarding him and trying to shoot the
perimeter shot fight on the other hand
has had a great offensive game he also
has five assists and about three more
burn where he's going to balls where
they've created fouls and gone to the
free-throw line so fight has had a
superior game to Michael to the stage
but we still got 18 minutes left in the
game
Jordan who is hitting 51-percent from
the floor for the season at five of 17
tonight here's her casburn and drexel
started by Harper 645 whoops got loose
from Drexler
scottie pippen has Jordan on the right
way
Newport Chicago lean
they led by as many as 11
here's Pippen
for Jackie Brown Kazmir back to junkie
bruh
per game
that's what anticipation my scotty there
yes
and that puts the plug in the 90
gets the
legs all the way to the basket Pippin
has 24 9 years boring
cat by chucky but also a good thing by
Robert Horry you cannot change to the
basket
who do you think is going to get the
call where the chasm Jordan go on
well it was pretty good d chance but I
do think it was a foul Jordan created it
by getting out on the bass lake and
aggressively going to the basket he
hasn't been able to shoot the ball from
the perimeter let's see
that's a good call the crowd hates that
call but a team never did establish
position you can't defend a guy with
your shoulders or your back turn
I was looking at with Catherine it was a
team underneath
and take another look at it teams out of
position he's going to go up a block it
knows that he can you got to square your
shoulders up you can't take a guy
undercutting that is a foul for sure on
a keen
and its leader for 65 61
I'm 35 to go third quarter
Maury back to recast
Elijah wanted
stolen by Jordan
turnovers for Houston hit from with the
jumper got it I was all set up by the
defense by Michael makassar will learn
you're going the ball into the post you
got to be a friend to shoot or the
Tripoli picked up his gerbil Jordan for
the past anticipated the only way to
learn that is to do it burn the
character
tempo is different from Rodman halle
apart
Olajuwon jump ball
time out you know Elijah ones not a
member of the Union burned he's on the
loose ball he made a seal in the back
door he's not a typical center pretty
good one though as good as they come
20-second timeout call by Houston the
latest six rudy tomjanovich who's only
11 wins away now from becoming the
all-time leading coach in houston rocket
history of course Rudy's been with his
franchise for the last 26 years his
jersey along with calvin murphy retired
his and the all-star teams announced
today the reserves eastern all-star
reserves hey these guys all deserve to
be on the all-star team juwan howard a
dark horse into the all-star team his
first all-star game he deserves at the
back court those three guys definitely
deserve to be on the all-star team
Terrell Brandon from Cleveland Reggie
Miller and Glen Rice the only the only ?
i have is Dennis Rodman does a lot of
things for the Chicago team 38 and 33
guys maybe deserve to be on that team
we'll talk more about the Western team a
little later
catcher
percentage shot but Elijah one has a
knack of making those especially when
he's feeling it Jordan Pippin
pick-and-roll was Ron Harper
420 to go third quarter of four points
Chicago lead they led by den bosch
Arthur over 39 something that's normally
a part of his